KERRY SAID TODAY THERE IS A ROLE
FOR IRAN IN THE EFFORT TO COMBAT
ISLAMIC STATE MILITANTS, BUT IN
AN INTERVIEW WITH THE NEWSHOUR,
IRAN'S FOREIGN MINISTER TAKES
AIM AT THE AMERICAN STRATEGY.
>> NOBODY CAN FORCE ANYBODY IN
OUR REGION.
WE HAVE INFLUENCE IN IRAQ, WE
HAVE INFLUENCE IN SYRIA, WE HAVE
INFLUENCE IN THE REGION.
THE REASON WE HAVE INFLUENCE IS
THAT WE DO NOT IMPOSE OUR WILL.
>> Woodruff: GOOD EVENING, I'M
JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, SCOTLAND VOTES TO
REMAIN PART OF THE U.K., BUT
WITH HOPES OF MORE POWER AND
AUTONOMY.
>> Woodruff: WE HEAD OUT TO THE
WILDS OF THE AMERICAN WEST WHERE
A YOUNGER GENERATION IS PUSHING
THE BOUNDS OF HOW TO APPRECIATE
NATURE WITH EXTREME SPORTS.
>> CERTAINLY WE HAVE A
RESPONSIBILITY TO MANAGE FOR
SOME OF THESE NEW USES, BUT AS
WE'VE SEEN THE ACTIVITIES, IT
LOOKS LIKE A FIRE STORM.
IT TOOK OFF, GAINED IN
POPULARITY.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
DAVID BROOKS AND E.J. DIONNE ARE
HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE STORIES
WE'RE COVERING ON TONIGHT'S "PBS
NEWSHOUR.
>> Woodruff: FRANCE JOINED THE
U.S. IN THE SKIES OVER IRAQ
TODAY, CONDUCTING ITS FIRST AIR
STRIKES ON THE ISLAMIC STATE
GROUP.
MILITARY VIDEO SHOWED ATTACKS ON
A LOGISTICS DEPOT, PLUS A
MUNITIONS AND FUEL DUMP.
OFFICIALS SAID DOZENS OF
MILITANTS WERE KILLED, AND
PRESIDENT FRANCOIS HOLLANDE
PROMISED MORE TO COME WITHIN
LIMITS.
>> ( translated ): OTHER ACTIONS
ARE EXPECTED IN THE COMING DAYS
WITH THE SAME GOAL TO WEAKEN
THIS TERRORIST ORGANIZATION, AND
COME TO THE AID OF IRAQI
AUTHORITIES, BY THAT I MEAN
IRAQI TROOPS AND KURDISH
PESHMERGA BASED IN IRAQ.
THERE ARE NO FRENCH TROOPS ON
THE GROUND, ONLY PLANES WHICH,
IN LIAISON WITH IRAQI
AUTHORITIES AND IN COORDINATION
WITH OUR ALLIES, ARE WEAKENING
THE TERRORIST ORGANIZATION.
>> Woodruff: BACK IN BAGHDAD, B0
PEOPLE AT A SHIITE MOSQUE AND
MARKETS.
AND IN WASHINGTON, OBAMA SIGNED
A BILL TO ARM SYRIAN REBELS.
SECTARIAN FIGHTING IN YEMEN
ESCALATED SHARPLY TODAY AS
SHIITE REBELS BATTLED SUNNI
MILITIAMEN IN THE CAPITAL.
THE REBELS ATTACKED THE
HEADQUARTERS OF STATE TV IN
SANAA, AFTER SURGING OUT OF
NORTHERN YEMEN IN RECENT MONTHS.
THE PRO-U.S. GOVERNMENT IS
LARGELY CAUGHT BETWEEN THE
WARRING FACTIONS.
THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION IS
APPEALING FOR RENEWED EFFORTS
AGAINST EBOLA IN WEST AFRICA,
DESPITE THE MURDERS OF EIGHT
HEALTH WORKERS.
THEIR TEAM WAS ATTACKED IN A
REMOTE PART OF GUINEA.
MEANWHILE, A THREE-DAY NATIONAL
LOCKDOWN BEGAN IN SIERRA LEONE,
TO SLOW THE DISEASE.
AID WORKERS WENT DOOR TO DOOR
TODAY WITH HEALTH TIPS AND SOAP.
AND "BLOOMBERG NEWS" REPORTED
THE CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL
NOW ESTIMATES A WORST CASE
SCENARIO OF 550,000 CASES,
BEFORE THE OUTBREAK SUBSIDES.
N.F.L. COMMISSIONER ROGER
A STORM OF DOMESTIC VINES OVER
N.F.L. PLAYERS, ROGER GOODELL
SAID NEW RULES OVER PERSONAL
CONDUCT ARE COMING AND
ACKNOWLEDGED MISHANDLING THE
CASE OF FORMER RAVENS STAR RAY
RICE BUT SAID NOW I WILL GET IT
RIGHT.
>> THE SAME MISTAKES CAN NEVER
BE REPEATED.
WE WILL DO WHATEVER IT IS
NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT WE ARE
THOROUGH IN OUR REVIEW PROCESS
AND THAT OUR CONCLUSIONS ARE
RELIABLE.
WE WILL GET OUR HOUSE IN ORDER
FIRST.
>> Woodruff: GOODELL SAID HE
DOES NOT WANT TO RESIGN.
ALSO TODAY, PRESIDENT OBAMA
LAUNCHED A NEW EFFORT AGAINST
SEXUAL ASSAULTS ON COLLEGE
CAMPUSES.
THE "IT'S ON US" CAMPAIGN AIMS
TO SEND A MESSAGE THAT IT'S
EVERYONE'S RESPONSIBILITY.
THE PRESIDENT CRITICIZED WHAT HE
CALLED THE "QUIET TOLERANCE OF
SEXUAL ASSAULT."
IN THE PHILIPPINES, WIDESPREAD
FLOODING FROM A TROPICAL STORM
AND MONSOON RAINS SHUT DOWN
MANILA TODAY WITH NECK-HIGH
WATER IN PLACES.
THE FLOODS DROWNED WHOLE
SECTIONS OF MANILA AFTER MORE
THAN 10 INCHES OF RAIN FELL OVER
A 24-HOUR PERIOD.
AT LEAST THREE PEOPLE DIED AND
SOME 37,000 OTHERS WERE
DISPLACED.
DRUG MAKER GLAXO-SMITH-KLINE HAS
BEEN FINED NEARLY $500 MILLION
DOLLARS FOR BRIBING DOCTORS IN
CHINA.
THE POLICE MINISTRY SAID BRITISH
NATIONAL MARK REILLY-- THE
COMPANY'S FORMER CHINA MANAGER--
PAID DOCTORS TO USE GLAXO'S
PRODUCTS, BEGINNING IN 2009.
HE WAS ORDERED TODAY TO LEAVE
THE COUNTRY IMMEDIATELY.
ON WALL STREET TODAY,
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
GAINED 13 POINTS TO CLOSE AT
17,279.
THE NASDAQ FELL 13, TO CLOSE AT
4579.
AND THE S-AND-P DROPPED A POINT,
TO 2010.
FOR THE WEEK, THE DOW GAINED
1.7 PERCENT.
THE S-AND-P WAS UP 1.3 PERCENT.
AND THE NASDAQ ROSE A FRACTION
OF A PERCENT.
>> Woodruff: STILL TO COME ON
THE NEWSHOUR.
IRAN'S FOREIGN MINISTER ON HOW
TO DEAL WITH THE ISLAMIC STATE
GROUP.
VOTERS IN SCOTLAND REJECT
INDEPENDENCE FROM THE U.K.
CHINESE E-COMMERCE GIANT ALIBABA
SELLS ITS FIRST SHARES ON THE
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE.
GETTING AN EXTREME VIEW OF
NATURAL BEAUTY ON FEDERAL LAND
IN UTAH.
AND DAVID BROOKS AND E.J. DIONNE
ON THE WEEKS NEWS.
>> Woodruff: NOW TO IRAN AND OUR
INTERVIEW WITH FOREIGN MINISTER
MOHAMMAD JAVAD ZARIF.
HE IS IN NEW YORK THIS WEEK FOR
THE SO CALLED P-5 PLUS ONE TALKS
ON THAT COUNTRY'S NUCLEAR
PROGRAM.
AS QUESTIONS LOOM OVER WHETHER A
DEAL CAN BE REACHED BY A LATE
NOVEMBER DEADLINE AND WHAT WILL
HAPPEN IF THERE IS NO AGREEMENT.
EARLIER TODAY, OUR CHIEF FOREIGN
AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT MARGARET
WARNER ASKED ABOUT THAT, THE
U.S. STRATEGY IN FIGHTING THE
ISLAMIC STATE MILITANT GROUP,
AND WHY TEHRAN HAS RULED OUT
WORKING WITH WASHINGTON TO
DEFEAT THE ORGANIZATION.
>> Warner: MINISTER ZARIF, THANK
YOU FOR JOINING US.
>> VERY GOOD TO BE WITH YOU.
>> Warner: TODAY, FRANCE JOINED
THE U.S. IN LAUNCHING AIRSTRIKES
IN IRAQ AGAINST THE ISIS
MILITANTS.
DO YOU THINK THAT'S GOINGBE
AN EFFECTIVE STRATEGY TO COUNTER
THESE MILITANT FORCES?
>> WELL, I BELIEVE THE
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY SHOULD
COME TO REALIZE THAT THIS IS A
COMMON THREAT, A COMMON
CHALLENGE AND IT REQUIRES A
COMMON RESPONSE.
IN OUR VIEW, THE RESPONSE SHOULD
COME FROM THE REGION AND
SUPPORTED BY THE INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNITY, NOT THE OTHER WAY
AROUND.
WE HAVE BEEN COOPERATING WITH
THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ AND THE
GOVERNMENT OF-- OR THE REGIONAL
GOVERNMENT OF KURDISTAN IN ORDER
TO DEFEAT THESE TERRORISTS,
BECAUSE WE CONSIDER THESE
TERRORISTS A THREAT TO ALL
NATIONS IN THE REGION AND BEYOND
BECAUSE OF ALL THESE FOREIGN
FIGHTERS THAT YOU HAVE.
>> Warner: SO YOU AND PRESIDENT
OBAMA ARE REALLY ON THE SAME
PAGE ON THIS, THAT IS, THAT
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY CAN
ASSIST MAYBE FROM THE AIR,
TRAINING AND EQUIPPING, BUT NOT
GETTING INVOLVED ON THE GROUND?
>> WELL, I BELIEVE THE IRAQIS
THEMSELVES ARE QUITE CAPABLE OF
LIBERATING THEIR TERRITORY.
WHAT THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY
NEEDS TO DO IS TO PREVENT
ASSISTANCE TO THE TERRORISTS,
WHICH HAS BEEN COMING,
UNFORTUNATELY, OVER THE PAST
THREE, FOUR YEARS, FROM VARIOUS
QUARTERS IN THE REGION AND
OUTSIDE THE REGION.
>> Warner: SO YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT SAUDI ARABIA, SOME OF THE
OTHER GULF STATES, THEIR HELP
WITH FINANCING AND TRAINING?
YOU'REKIKEY,
THAT'S ALLOWED FOREIGN FIGHTERS
TO CROSS OVER INTO IRAQ AND
SYRIA?
>> WELL, I'M NOT IN THE BUSINESS
OF NAMING NAMES.
WE ARE WILLING TO WORK WITH
THEM, PARTICULARLY WITH OUR
FRIENDS IN THE REGION, IN ORDER
TO DEFEAT THIS THREAT, BUT
DEFEAT IT FUNDAMENTALLY, NOT
SIMPLY BY MILITARY ACTION.
>> Warner: BUT BY ALL ACCOUNTS
PRESIDENT ROUHANI'S GOVERNMENT
HAS REBUFFED OVERTURES FROM
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S GOVERNMENT TO
ACTUALLY COOPERATE
>> BECAUSE WE WERE NOT CONVINCED
THAT THE UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT WAS SERIOUS.
I'M SURE THAT WHAT HAPPENED
YESTERDAY IN THE HOUSE AND THE
SENATE, APPROVING THE REQUEST OF
PRESIDENT OBAMA FOR FINANCING
THE SYRIAN OPPOSITION, DOES NOT
CORRESPOND WELL WITH AN ATTEMPT
TO FIGHT TERRORISM.
IF YOU UNDERMINE THE
CENTRAL GOVERNMENT IN SYRIA.
THAT WOULD ENABLE THE I.S.
TERRORISTS AND TO GAIN EVEN MORE
TERRITORY.
WE SEE THIS AS BASICALLY
CONTRADICTION IN TERMS OF TRYING
TO DEFEAT ISIS, BUT AT THE SAME
TIME FUNDING THOSE WHO ARE
TRYING TO UNDERMINE THE VERY
GOVERNMENT THAT IS WITHSTANDING
ISIS TERRORISTS.
THOSE FORCES WHO ARE OPERATING
ON THE GROUND IN SYRIA ARE
UNFORTUNATELY IAND PEOPLE OF
THE SAME COLOR.
VERY...
>> Warner: ALL OF THEM?
>> ALMOST, A MAJORITY OF THEM.
AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THOSE WHO
CONTROL ANY TERRITORY IN SYRIA,
ARE EITHER ISIS OR JABHAT AL-
NUSRA OR OTHER FRINGE AL-QAIDA
GROUPS.
>> Warner: AL-QAIDA-LINKED
>> WE DO NOT BELIEVE THAT
GROUPS.
SUPPORTING THESE GROUPS WILL
>> WE DO NOT BELIEVE THAT
HELP THE PROCESS OF
SUPPORTING THESE GROUPS WILL
DEMOCRATIZATION AND RESPECT FOR
HELP THE PROCESS OF
THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE IN SYRIA.
DEMOCRATIZATION AND RESPECT FOR
>> Warner: BUT YOU ARE A MAJOR
THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE IN SYRIA.
PATRON-- YOU ARE A MAJOR PATRON
>> Warner: BUT YOU ARE A MAJOR
OF THE SYRIAN GOVERNMENT?
PATRON-- YOU ARE A MAJOR PATRON
CAN YOU NOT USE YOUR INFLUENCE
OF THE SYRIAN GOVERNMENT?
WITH THE SYRIAN GOVERNMENT TO IN
CAN YOU NOT USE YOUR INFLUENCE
FACT ENCOURAGE THEM, FORCE THEM
WITH THE SYRIAN GOVERNMENT TO IN
TO MAKE SUCH AN INCLUSIVE
FACT ENCOURAGE THEM, FORCE THEM
ARRANGEMENT WITH THEIR OWN
TO MAKE SUCH AN INCLUSIVE
OPPOSITION?
ARRANGEMENT WITH THEIR OWN
>> ACTUALLY, NOBODY CAN FORCE
OPPOSITION?
ANYBODY IN OUR REGION.
>> ACTUALLY, NOBODY CAN FORCE
WE HAVE INFLUENCE IN IRAQ, WE
ANYBODY IN OUR REGION.
HAVE INFLUENCE IN SYRIA, WE HAVE
WE HAVE INFLUENCE IN IRAQ, WE
INFLUENCE IN THE REGION.
HAVE INFLUENCE IN SYRIA, WE HAVE
THE REASON WE HAVE INFLUENCE IS
INFLUENCE IN THE REGION.
THAT WE DO NOT IMPOSE OUR WILL
THE REASON WE HAVE INFLUENCE IS
ON THE COUNTRIES IN THE REGION.
THAT WE DO NOT IMPOSE OUR WILL
>> Warner: WELL, BUT MANY WOULD
ON THE COUNTRIES IN THE REGION.
POINT OUT THAT THE SHIITE-BACKED
>> Warner: WELL, BUT MANY WOULD
HEZBOLLAH FIGHTERS HAVE IN FACT
POINT OUT THAT THE SHIITE-BACKED
MOVED UP FROM LEBANON TO ASSIST
HEZBOLLAH FIGHTERS HAVE IN FACT
PRESIDENT ASSAD, BUT LET ME MOVE
MOVED UP FROM LEBANON TO ASSIST
ON TO THE NUCLEAR ISSUE.
PRESIDENT ASSAD, BUT LET ME MOVE
ONE REASON YOU'RE HERE EARLY
ON TO THE NUCLEAR ISSUE.
BEFORE U.N.G.A. WEEK, WHICH IS
ONE REASON YOU'RE HERE EARLY
THE NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS, YOU
BEFORE U.N.G.A. WEEK, WHICH IS
FACE A TWO-MONTH DEADLINE NOW TO
THE NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS, YOU
FINISH THIS SECOND PHASE AND
FACE A TWO-MONTH DEADLINE NOW TO
REALLY FINISH A DEAL.
FINISH THIS SECOND PHASE AND
DO YOU THINK THERE'S ANY
REALLY FINISH A DEAL.
PROSPECT OF GETTING THERE?
DO YOU THINK THERE'S ANY
>> WELL, I THINK THERE'S EVERY
PROSPECT OF GETTING THERE?
PROSPECT OF GETTING THERE,
>> WELL, I THINK THERE'S EVERY
PROVIDED THAT PEOPLE WANT TO
PROSPECT OF GETTING THERE,
ADDRESS A PROBLEM, NOT THE
PROVIDED THAT PEOPLE WANT TO
CONSTITUENCIES.
ADDRESS A PROBLEM, NOT THE
THERE ARE TWO WAYS OF RESOLVING
CONSTITUENCIES.
THIS PROBLEM.
THERE ARE TWO WAYS OF RESOLVING
ONE IS TO TRY TO RESOLVE THIS
THIS PROBLEM.
PROBLEM, AND THE OTHER ONE IS
ONE IS TO TRY TO RESOLVE THIS
TRY TO APPEASE THOSE WHO DO NOT
PROBLEM, AND THE OTHER ONE IS
SEE ANY RESOLUTION, WHATEVER THE
TRY TO APPEASE THOSE WHO DO NOT
PARAMETERS, THAT RESOLUTION MAY
SEE ANY RESOLUTION, WHATEVER THE
BE IN THEIR INTERESTS.
PARAMETERS, THAT RESOLUTION MAY
SO IF YOU ABANDON THE SECOND
BE IN THEIR INTERESTS.
ALTERNATIVE AND PUT OUR FOCUS ON
SO IF YOU ABANDON THE SECOND
THE FIRST ALTERNATIVE, THEN I
ALTERNATIVE AND PUT OUR FOCUS ON
BELIEVE A SOLUTION IS AT HAND.
THE FIRST ALTERNATIVE, THEN I
IRAN DOES NOT WANT NUCLEAR
BELIEVE A SOLUTION IS AT HAND.
WEAPONS.
IRAN DOES NOT WANT NUCLEAR
IRAN DOES NOT NEED NUCLEAR
WEAPONS.
THE ONLY PROBLEM, IF I MAY, IS
THIS BASICALLY INFATUATION,
OBSESSION WITH SANCTIONS.
SANCTIONS DO NOT ACHIEVE ANY
OBJECTIVE.
SANCTIONS SIMPLY PUT PRESSURE ON
THE PEOPLE.
THAT DON'T TRUSTOSE IN THE
IRAN SAY, "WELL, IRAN HAS AN
OBSESSION WITH BUILDING A
GIGANTIC NUCLEAR INFRASTRUCTURE
THAT THEY DON'T NEED FOR ENERGY
PURPOSES, THAT WILL BE NUCLEAR
WEAPONS-READY."
I MEAN, DON'T YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
OF THE HARD-LINERS ON BOTH
SIDES, WHEN YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
CONSTITUENCIES?
>> WELL, THERE MAY BE LUNATICS
EVERYWHERE.
>> Warner: ( LAUGHS )
>> BUT NO SERIOUS PERSON IN IRAN
WANTS TO BUILD A NUCLEAR WEAPON,
BECAUSE PEOPLE HAVE VERY SERIOUS
STRATEGIC CALCULATIONS.
WHAT WE CAN SUGGEST TO PEOPLE
THERE IS A LOT OF MISTRUST TO GO
AROUND.
I MEAN, IRANIANS DON'T TRUST THE
UNITED STATES.
WE CAN CHANGE THAT, AND IT'S
IMPORTANT FOR ALL OF US TO TRY
TO INSTEAD OF LIVING IN THE
PAST, TO TRY TO WRITE A NEW
HISTORY.
AND WRITING A NEW HISTORY IS TO
TRY TO COME TO ARRANGEMENTS THAT
WOULD SCIENTIFICALLY PREVENT
IRAN FROM BUILDING A NUCLEAR
BOMB.
>> Warner: SO IF THE IRANIAN
GOVERNMENT WANTS TO PERSUADE THE
REST OF THE WORLD THAT, AS YOU
SAY, THE INTENTIONS ARE PURELY
PEACEFUL, WHY NOT AGREE TO THE
MUCH LOWER LEVEL OF CENTRIFUGES,
NUMBER OF CENTRIFUGES THAT THE
UNITED STATES AND THE WESTERN
POWERS ARE INSISTING UPON?
>> BECAUSE WE'RE NOT HERE TO
ACCEPT ARBITRARY DECISIONS.
WE'RE HERE TO NEGOTIATE.
BUT WHAT WE ARE SUGGESTING IS
NOT THAT YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS
OR LEAVE IT.
WE ARE SAYING THAT LET'S
CONSIDER TOGETHER HOW BEST WE
CAN DO THIS.
WE HAVE AGREED TO LIMIT, FOR A
CERTAIN NUMBER OF YEARS, THE
NUMBER OF CENTRIFUGES THAT WILL
BE SPINNING.
AND THAT IS OUT OF NO NECESSITY,
SIMPLY IN ORDER TO CREATE
CONFIDENCE.
BUT I'M NOT PREPARED TO ACCEPT
ANY ARBITRARY NUMBERS.
>> Warner: OKAY, NOW, OF COURSE,
IRAN THEN WANTS ALL OF THESE
SANCTIONS ROLLED BACK AND
LIFTED.
MANY OF THOSE WOULD REQUIRE, TO
BE PERMANENTLY LIFTED, U.S.
CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL.
AS YOU WELL KNOW, THERE'S A LOT
OF OPPOSITION TO THAT.
WOULD IRAN ACCEPT SOMETHING LESS
FOR INSTANCE, JUST HAVING
PRESIDENT OBAMA WAIVE THOSE?
>> WELL, OBVIOUSLY I DO NOT
ENGAGE IN NEGOTIATIONS ON THE
AIR, BUT WE UNDERSTAND U.S.
POLITICS.
WE UNDERSTAND THE CONSTRAINTS
THAT PRESIDENT OBAMA IS FACING.
AS WE DON'T ACCEPT THEM ASKING
US TO DO THE IMPOSSIBLE, WE WILL
NOT ASK THEM TO DO THE
IMPOSSIBLE.
>> Warner: SO IF PRESIDENT OBAMA
WANTED TO DO SOMETHING OF AN END
RUN AROUND CONGRESS, THAT WOULD
BE ENOUGH ASSURANCE FOR YOU?
>> IT'S UP TO HIM.
WE DEAL WITH THE GOVERNMENT.
OF COURSE, WE KNOW THE
COMPLEXITIES, THE DOMESTIC
COMPLEXITIES INVOLVED.
BUT AS SOVEREIGN STATE, WE DEAL
WITH THE UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT, AS A SOVEREIGN
STATE.
WE DO NOT INTERFERE IN THE
INTERNAL DOMESTIC POLITICS OF
THE UNITED STATES.
IF PRESIDENT OBAMA PROMISES US
TO DO SOMETHING, WE WILL ACCEPT
AND RESPECT HIS PROMISE.
>> Warner: SO IS AN EXTENSION
BEYOND THE NOVEMBER 24TH
DEADLINE POSSIBLE?
>> I DON'T THINK SO, AND I'M NOT
PREPARED AT THIS STAGE TO
ENTERTAIN THAT IDEA.
I'M NOT SAYING THAT NOVEMBER
24st IS THE DOOMSDAY.
I'M SAYING THAT WE SHOULD PUT
ALL OUR ENERGY INTO REACHING
AGREEMENT BY THAT TIME.
>> Warner: SO NO BRINKSMANSHIP?
>> I BELIEVE THIS ISSUE REQUIRES
STATESMANSHIP, NOT
BRINKSMANSHIP, AND I'M PREPARED
TO EXERCISE AS MUCH OF THAT AS I
CAN POSSIBLY DO.
>> Warner: DESPITE THE POLITICAL
PRICE PRESIDENT ROUHANI AND YOU
AND YOUR GOVERNMENT ARE PAYING
FOR THIS AT HOME?
>> WELL, LEADERSHIP REQUIRES
COURAGE, AND I HOPE THAT
EVERYBODY IS PREPARED TO
EXERCISE THAT COURAGE.
I BELIEVE WE ARE AT THE POINT IN
HISTORY THAT WE CAN IN FACT WHAT
WE DO HAS AN IMPACT ON THE
FUTURE OF OUR REGION AND THE
FUTURE OF THE PERCEPTIONS OF TWO
NATIONS TOWARDS ONE ANOTHER.
SO WE SHOULD SEIZE THIS
OPPORTUNITY.
>> Warner: MINISTER SHARIF,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> GOOD TO BE WITH YOU.
>> Woodruff: ON OUR WEBSITE, YOU
CAN SEE MORE OF MARGARET'S
INTERVIEW WITH FOREIGN MINISTER
ZARIF, INCLUDING HIS COMMENTS ON
"WASHINGTON POST" JOURNALIST
JASON REZAIAN, WHO
JAILED IN TEHRAN FOR ALMOST TWO
MONTHS.
>> Woodruff: WELL, THE VOTES ARE
IN AND THE "NO'S" HAVE IT.
POLLS HAD FLIP-FLOPPED IN RECENT
WEEKS, BUT IN THE END,
SCOTLAND'S RESIDENTS DECIDED TO
STAY IN THEIR 307 YEAR UNION
WITH THE UNITED KINGDOM.
A DREARY MIST SHROUDED THE
SCOTTISH CAPITAL OF EDINBURGH
THIS MORNING, MATCHING THE MOODS
OF 1.6 MILLION PEOPLE WHO'D
VOTED FOR INDEPENDENCE ONLY TO
SEE IT LOSE.
>> IT SHOWS THAT STILL THERE ARE
A LOT OF PEOPLE IN SCOTLAND THAT
DIDN'T WANT THAT.
IT'S NOT A LANDSLIDE VOTE SO WE
THINK THAT'S A GOOD THING
OVERALL EVEN IF IT IS STILL NO
BECAUSE IT'S GOING TO SHOWAT
WE'RE NOT ALL HAPPY WITH THE WAY
THINGS ARE.
>> Woodruff: THE OFFICIAL
ANNOUNCEMENT CAME IN THE EARLY
MORNING HOURS.
>> THE MAJORITY OF VALID VOTES
CAST YESTERDAY BY THE PEOPLE OF
SCOTLAND IN RESPONSE TO THE
REFERENDUM QUESTION, "SHOULD
SCOTLAND BE AN INDEPENDENT
COUNTRY?"
WERE IN FAVOR OF NO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
FROM THE "NO" CAMPAIGN
HEADQUARTERS THE CHEER WAS
DEAFENING.
>> I'M HAPPY THAT IN THE MORNING
I'M GONNA WAKE UP SCOTTISH AND
I'M GONNA WAKE UP BRITISH.
I'M JUST SO HAPPY.
>> Woodruff: THE LEADER OF THE
NO SIDE, ALISTAIR DARLING, WAS
TRIUMPHANT.
>> THE PEOPLE OF SCOTLAND HAVE
SPOKEN.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WE HAVE CHOSEN UNITY OVER
DIVISION AND POSITIVE CHANGE
RATHER THAN NEEDLESS SEPARATION.
>> Woodruff: THE BREAKDOWN
SHOWED 55% VOTED TO STAY WITH
THE UNITED KINGDOM, WHILE 45%
VOTED TO LEAVE.
AND THE UNPRECEDENTED TURNOUT
TOPPED 85%.
DESPITE HIS DISAPPOINTMENT,
DESPITE HIS DISAPPOINTMENT, YES
CAMPAIGN LEADER ALEX SALMOND
SAID THE TURNOUT WAS A HUGE
POINT OF PRIDE.
>> THIS HAS BEEN A TRIUMPH FOR
THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS AND
PARTICIPATION IN POLITICS.
>> Woodruff: SALMOND HAS BEEN AT
THE FOREFRONT OF SCOTLAND'S PRO-
INDEPENDENCE MOVEMENT FOR
DECADES, BUT TODAY HE ANNOUNCED
HE'S RESIGNING AS SCOTTISH FIRST
MINISTER.
>> WE LOST THE REFERENDUM VOTE
BUT SCOTLAND CAN STILL CARRY THE
POLITICAL INITIATIVE.
SCOTLAND CAN STILL EMERGE AS THE
REAL WINNER.
FOR ME AS LEADER, MY TIME IS
NEARLY OVER.
BUT FOR SCOTLAND, THE CAMPAIGN
CONTINUES AND THE DREAM SHALL
NEVER DIE.
IN LONDON, WITH THE THREAT OF
SEPARATION PAST, PRIME MINISTER
DAVID CAMERON RENEWED HIS
PROMISE TO BEGIN GRANTING
SCOTLAND MORE POWERS.
>> WE HAVE DELIVERED ON
DEVOLUTION UNDER THIS GOVERNMENT
AND WE WILL DO SO AGAIN IN THE
NEXT PARLIAMENT.
THE THREE MAIN PRO-UNION PARTIES
HAVE MADE COMMITMENT, CLEAR
COMMITMENTS FOR FURTHER POWERS
FOR THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT. WE
WILL ENSURE THAT THOSE
COMMITMENTS ARE HONORED IN FULL.
EVEN SO, THERE WERE COMPLAINTS
FROM SOME IN CAMERON'S OWN
CONSERVATIVE PARTY RANKS THAT
THE PROMISES ARE TOO GENEROUS.
AND QUEEN ELIZABETH ISSUED HER
OWN STATEMENT, SPEAKING OF HER
ENDURING LOVE OF SCOTLAND AND
URGING THE ENTIRE NATION TO WORK
TOGETHER IN MUTUAL RESPECT AND
SUPPORT.
FOR MORE ON THE SIGNIFICANCE OF
THE RESULT OF THE REFERENDUM AND
WHAT COMES NEXT, WE TURN TO
LOUISE RICHSON, PRINCIPAL AND
VICE CHANCELLOR AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF ST. ANDREW'S.
AND WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF OF
THE ECONOMIST MAGAZINE.
WELCOME TO BOTH OF YOU.
LOUISE RICHARDSON, WERE YOU
SURPRISED AT THE MARGIN OF
VICTORY FOR THE NO VOTE?
IT WAS 10, ALMOST 11 POINTS.
>> I THINK EVERYONE WAS
SURPRISED BY THE MARGIN OF
VICTORY BUT WE ALL HAD SO LITTLE
TO GO ON BECAUSE THIS WAS SUCH
AN UNPRECEDENTED OCCASION AND WE
WERE SEEING 16-YEAR-OLDS AND
17-YEAR-OLDS VOTE FOR THE FIRST
TIME, AN LECT TRAIT WHERE ONLY
30% RECENTLY REGISTERED, A
TURNOUT OF 85%, SO IT WAS VERY
DIFFICULT TO PREDICT BUT I THINK
MOST WERE SURPRISED BY THE
MARGIN OF VICTORY.
>> Woodruff: DAVID RENNIE,
WERE YOU SURPRISED?
>> I THINK SO.
THE POLL WAS SAFE AND SOLID FOR
THE NO CAMP TILL A FEW WEEKSING.
YOU HAD A 20 POINT LEAD FOR THE
CAMP TO KEEP THE U.K. TOGETHER
AND THAT LEAD COLLAPSED IN THE
LAST TWO OR THREE WEEKS AND ALL
THAT MOVEMENT SEEMED TO BE WITH
LOWER-INCOME, LEFT-WING, OFTEN
SLIGHTLY OLDER VOTERS.
SO THERE SEEMED TO BE A BIG
SHIFT TAKING PLACE.
ONE OF THE FIRST ANALYSIS OF
WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT IS THEY
DIDN'T TURN OUT IN QUITE AS
MASSIVE NUMBERS AS SOME OF THE
MORE PRO UNION VOTERS.
>> Woodruff: WE'RE NOW BEING
TOLD THAT, NO, THERE WON'T BE
INDEPENDENCE FOR SCOTLAND BUT
THERE WILL BE A BIG CHANGE IN
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN
SCOTLAND AND LONDON, THE HOME
GOVERNMENT, AND, AS WELL AS A
CHANGE FOR WALES, ENGLAND, FOR
NORTHERN IRELAND.
>> I THINK THE REFERENDUM IN
SCOTLAND WILL PROVE TO BE A
CATALYST FOR CONSTITUTION CHANGE
THROUGHOUT THE UNITED KINGDOM.
IN THE PAST FEW WEEKS, AS THE
LONDON PARTIES DECIDED THEY
ACTUALLY COULD LOSE THIS
CAMPAIGN, EVEN THOUGH THEY HAD
BEEN SOMEWHAT COMPLACENT FOR
MUCH TO HAVE THE CAMPAIGN, THEY
PROMISED DIVO MAX, SIGNIFICANT
NEW POWERS FOR SCOTS IF THEY
WOULD VOTE NO.
THEY PROMISED FOR TAX RAISING
POWERS, MORE POWERS OVER ISSUES
LIKE BENEFITS WHICH ARE
IMPORTANT TO PEOPLE WHO ARE
VOTING AND THIS MEANS, I THINK,
THAT THERE WILL BE MORE POWER
GOING TO SCOTLAND, BUT IT RAISES
THE QUESTION OF WHAT'S CALLED IN
BRITAIN A QUESTION FOR
WESTMINSTER WHERE ENGLISH
MEMBERS CAN VOTE
ONLY -- SCOTTISH MEMBERS OF
PARLIAMENT CAN VOTE ONLY ON
ISSUES PERTAINING TO ENGLISH
CONSTITUENCIES BUT ENGLISH
CONSTITUENTS CAN'T VOTE FOR
SCOTS.
IT'S TIME FOR CHANGE AND I THINK
WE'VE SEEN PRIME MINISTER
CAMERON TODAY INDICATE HE'S
GOING TO ADDRESS THOSE CONCERNS.
>> DAVID RENNIE, IS IT BELIEVED
THAT THE GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO
CARRY THROUGH ON THESE PROMISES?
>> YEAH, I CAN IMAGINE THAT HERE
IN THE UNITED STATES THIS MAY
SEEM A BIT ESOTERIC.
BUT I THINK MORE PEOPLE NEED TO
UNDERSTAND THAT WHAT REALLY HAS
HAPPENED EVEN WITH A VOTE TO
STAY TOGETHER IS THAT THE
SLEEPING BEAST IS ENGLISH
NATIONALISM, BECAUSE TODAY SOME
THINK THE SCOTS WERE BRIBED TO
STAY WITH MORE PRIVILEGES.
WHAT'S HAPPENED IS THEY HAVE
EXCLU R THE
SCOTTISH SCHOOLS BUT NOW HAVE A
SAY OF WHAT HAPPENS DOWN IN
ENGLAND.
THE ENGLISH ARE FIVE-SIXTH OF
THE POPULATION OF THIS OF THE
UNITED KINGDOM.
THEY FEEL SUDDENLY SHOVED INTO
SECOND PLACE AND THE SCOTS HAVE
BEEN BRIBED WITH ALL THESE
PROMISES AND THAT'S AN
UNPRECEDENTED THING TO HAVE
ENGLISH NATIONALISM STALKING
AROUND AS A BIG POLITICAL FORCE
PUTTING PRESSURE ON DAVID
CAMERON THE PRIME MINISTER.
>> Woodruff: SO COMING OUT OF
THIS, THE U.K. IS MORE
POLITICALLY UNSETTLED?
>> THAT'S NOT NECESSARILY A GOOD
THING.
I THINK BRITISH PEOPLE ARE NOW
VERY MUCH ENGAGED.
IT HAS BEEN AN EXTRAORDINARY
EXERCISE IN DEMOCRACY THE LAST
FEW MONTHS IN SCOTLAND.
WE'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE
IT.
FEW DEMOCRACIES HAVE.
IT'S WORTH REMEMBERING MANY
COUNTRIES FOUGHT SEVERAL WARS
OVER WHETHER ONE REGION HAD A
RIGHT TO SUCCEED AND HERE IN
BRITAIN IT'S BEEN WITH A
DEMOCRATIC VOTE THAT EVERYBODY
ACCEPTING THE WILL OF THE
MAJORITY, A PEACEFUL, ROBUST
DEBATE.
SO I THINK IT IS A REAL
STATEMENT OF THE STRENGTH OF
BRITISH DEMOCRACY AND IF IT'S
UNSETTLED, THAT'S FOOD BECAUSE
MEANS THE PUBLIC IS MORE
ENGAGED.
>> Woodruff: DAVID RENNEY,
WHAT ABOUT THE INDEPENDENCE
MOVEMENT ITSELF?
IS IT GOING TO CONTINUE?
>> YOU'VE SEEN THE LEADER OF THE
INDEPENDENCE MOVEMENT RESIGNING
BECAUSE OF THE LOSS.
HE WILL BE REPLACED BUT HE IS
KIND OF IRREPLACEABLE.
SCOTLAND IS A SMALL COUNTRY.
HE WAS REALLY THE ABSOLUTELYDOML
BEAST.
HE WAS THE REALLY TALENTED
POLITICIAN UP THERE.
PERSONAL I THINK THE THING TO
KEEP AN EYE ON IS THE SLEEPING
GIANT THE FIVE-SIXTHS OF THE
COUNTRY, THE ENGLISH PARLIAMENT,
EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS TO VOTE ON
ENGLISH SUBJECTS.
THIS IS A BIG FIGHT ABOUT POWER.
SCOTLAND IS BASICALLY A LEFT
WING COUNTRY.
ENGLAND HAS A NARROW
CONSERVATIVE MAJORITY.
THE COUNTRY AS A WHOLE IS FINELY
BALANCED.
SO THIS IS A BLUE COUNTRY, RED
COUNTRY, PURPLE, GIGANTIC POWER
STRUGGLE.
>> Woodruff: WHAT DOES THAT
MEAN IN TERMS OF U.K.'S
RELATIONSHIP WITH OTHER
COUNTRIES, THE UNITED STATES,
EUROPE AND OTHERS?
>> THERE CAN BE LITTLE DOUBT
THAT BRITAIN WOULD HAVE BEEN
VERY WEAKENED THAT SCOTLAND
DECIDED TO SEPARATE.
THE WHOLE QUESTION OF BRITAIN'S
MEMBERSHIP, ENGLAND'S MEMBERSHIP
IN THE E.U. IS SUBJECT TO YET
ANOTHER REFERENDUM.
SO I THINK, GOING FORWARD, MOST
COUNTRIES LIKE TO DEAL WITH
UNITARY ACTORS AND FEW COUNTRIES
CAN REALLY UNDERSTAND THE DEPTH
OF DOMESTIC POLITICS IN OTHER
COUNTRIES AND LOOKS AS THOUGH
ENGLISH-BRITISH DOMESTIC
POLITICS WILL BE MORE COMPLEX
WHICH WILL COMPLICATE
RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER
COUNTRIES BUT THE FUNDAMENTALS
ARE MORE EFFECTIVE.
>> SOUNDS LIKE THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING.
>> A GLOBAL PARTNER FOR AMERICA
OR NOW AN INCREASING NUMBER OF
ENGLISH WHO ARE FRANKLY LIKE
SWITZERLAND, RICH AND INWARD
LOOKING AND SHUNNING THE REST OF
THE WORLD.
THEY'RE DEFINITELY OUT THERE.
>> Woodruff: WE THANK YOU
BOTH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: CHINESE E-COMMERCE
GIANT, ALIBABA, TOOK WALL STREET
BY STORM TODAY.
THE COMPANY HAD ITS INITIAL
PUBLIC OFFERING ON THE NEW YORK
STOCK EXCHANGE AND IT APPEARS TO
BE THE LARGEST OF ALL TIME:
ONE HUNDRED MILLION SHARES
TRADED IN THE FIRST TEN MINUTES.
MORE THAN $25 BILLION WAS
RAISED.
IT'S A MOMENT THAT HIGHLIGHTS
THE POWER OF CHINA'S GROWING
MIDDLE CLASS.
HARI SREENIVASAN HAS THE STORY
FROM OUR NEW YORK STUDIOS.
>> Sreenivasan: TO GIVE YOU
SOME SENSE OF THE COMPANY'S
SIZE, ALIBABA EARNED MORE LAST
YEAR THAN AMAZON AND eBAY
COMBINED.
THE COMPANY WAS FOUNDED 15 YEARS
AGO AND OFTEN DESCRIBED AS
COMBINING ELEMENTS OF GOOGLE,
AMAZON AND eBAY INTO ONE WEB
OPERATION.
THE FIRM CO-FOUNDED BY A FORMER
TEACHER JACK MA IS NOW VALUED AT
MORE THAN $230 BILLION.
SHARES OPENED WITH A FRENZY
TODAY, NEARLY $94 EACH.
YET FOR ALL OF THAT, ALIBABA IS
HARDLY A HOUSEHOLD NAME IN THE
U.S.
TO HELP FILL IN THE PICTURE,
JOINED BY DAVID KIRKPATRICK,
LOOKING AT HOW TECHNOLOGY IS
CHANGING BUSINESS.
HE'S ALSO AUTHOR OF THE
Facebook EFFECT.
SO WE'VE HEARD A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT ALIBABA.
IS IT SO SIGNIFICANT IN
OPENING TODAY?
>> WELL, I THINK THE COMPANY WAS
BRILLIANTLY MARKET IN THE I.P.O.
PROCESS AND THE FIRST TIME A
MAJOR CHINESE INTERNET COMPANY
HAS GONE OPEN IN THE UNITED
STATES.
THERE'S TWO OTHER GIGANTIC
COMPANIES.
JACK MA THE C.E.O. AND FOUNDER
YOU MENTIONED IS A UNIQUELY
CHARISMATIC INDIVIDUAL WHO
GENERATED ENORMOUS EXCITEMENT
AMONG INVESTORS.
>> Sreenivasan: THEY DESCRIBE
THIS AS A MIX OF AMAZON, eBAY.
EXPLAIN WHAT DOES ALIBABA DO?
D TO EXPLAIN.
IT DOES SO MANY DIFFERENT
THINGS.
IT STARTED OUT BEING A BROKER
FOR PARTICULARLY PEOPLE OUTSIDE
CHINA WANTING TO BUY CHINESE
GOODS.
THEN THEY GOT INTO A MORE eBAY
BUSINESS INSIDE CHINA WHERE
SMALL RETAILERS WOULD SELL TO
CONSUMERS, ET CETERA.
NOW THEY HAVE A VERY POPULAR
BUSINESS ON TOP OF THE OTHERS
CALLED TEEN MALL WHICH IS A
BUSINESS WHERE ESTABLISHED
BRANDS SELL TO INDIVIDUAL
CONSUMERS LIKE A MAJOR U.S.
CONSUMER BRAND WOULD HAVE A
T-MALL SITE AND CHINESE
CONSUMERS WOULD BUY FROM THEM
VIA ALIBABA.
BUT THEY HAVE THEIR OWN
LOGISTICS AND DELIVERY COMPANY,
THEIR OWN PAYMENT SERVICE AND
THEIR OWN MONEY MARKET WHICH
OFFERS HIGHER INTEREST RATES,
THEY JUST BOUGHT HALF A SOCCER
TEAM, A MOVIE STUDIO.
THEY ARE UNBOUNDED IN THEIR
AMBITIONS BUT THEY'RE STILL
PRIMARILY AN E-COMMERCE COMPANY.
>> Reporter: HOW SUCCESSFUL
ARE THEY AT E-COMMERCE?
>> SO SUCCESSFUL THEY ALMOST
HAVE A MONOPOLY BUSINESS IN THE
CHINESE PATRICK.
OVER 80% OF CHINESE MARKETS IN
CHINA GO OVER ALIBABA.
AND IMMERSE IS MORE IMPORTANT IN
CHINESE ECONOMY THAN THE U.S.
ECONOMY.
>> Sreenivasan: NOT ALL
CHINESE ARE ON THE INTERNET YET.
>> NO, ONLY HALF CHINESE
CITIZENS ARE ON THE INTERNET AND
PRETTY MUCH ANY ONE OF THEM IS
LIKELY TO BE AN ALIBABA
CUSTOMER.
>> Sreenivasan: WHY DID SO
MANY INVESTORS, ESPECIALLY
INSTITUTIONAL ONES, WANT TO GET
IN ON THIS PRICE EVEN IF IT WAS
ADJUSTED HIRING AND HIGHER.
>> THEY'RE 40 PLUS OPERATING
MARGIN PROFITS.
THAT'S HIGH FOR AN INTERNET
COMPANY.
AND 80% MARKET SHARE IN THE
PRIMARY MARKET.
THAT'S ALL INVESTORS NEED TO
HERE.
THE GROWTH HAS BEEN STRONG IN
RECENT QUARTERS.
A FAST GROWING COMPANY, HIGH
MARGINS, DOMINANT MARKET SHARE.
INVESTORS UNDERSTAND THAT
LANGUAGE.
>> Sreenivasan: IS THIS A
PROXY BET ON THE CHINESE
ECONOMY?
>> I THINK THAT'S A GOOD WAY TO
THINK ABOUT IT, A POSITIVE WAY
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
IN EFFECT, BY SO MANY WERNERS
BUYING THIS STOCK AT SUCH A HIGH
PRICE, THEY'RE SAYING CHINA IS
OUR FRIEND, WE BELIEVE IN THE
FUTURE TO HAVE THE CHINESE
ECONOMY, WE BELIEVE IN THE
FUTURE OF IN EFFECT THE CHINESE
GOVERNMENT BECAUSE LET'S FACE
IT, THE WAY BUSINESS WORKS IN
CHINA IS IF THE GOVERNMENT
DOESN'T WANT IT TO HAPPEN, IT
DOESN'T.
SO THERE'S A TIGHTER BOND
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT AND
BUSINESS IN CHINA.
EVEN JACK MA SAID TODAY THE
WHOLE WAY HE OPERATED HIS
COMPANY THROUGHOUT HISTORY IS BE
IN LOVE WITH THE GOVERNMENT BUT
DON'T MARRY IT.
TRY TO DO WHAT WANTS.
>> LIVE AND DIE BY THE
GOVERNMENT.
WHAT IS THE DOWN SIDE ON CHINESE
GOVERNMENT POLICY CHANGES THAT
COULD HAVE A RIPPLE EFFECT ON
THE SHARE PRICE TODAY?
>> THERE'S CERTAINLY A POTENTIAL
DOWN SIDE THERE BUT I THINK THE
CHINESE GOVERNMENT APPRECIATES
SO MUCH WHAT ALIBABA IS DOING
ECONOMICALLY AND TODAY WHAT IT'S
DONE FOR THE IMAGE OF CHINA, I
DON'T THINK YOU WILL SEE THEM
COMING DOWN ON ALIBABA ANYTIME
SOON.
BUT YOU'VE NEVER SEEN ONE
COMPANY BE SO VETTED TO
POLICIES.
>> Sreenivasan: WHAT'S THE
CONCERNS ABOUT THE PRICE AND
WHAT THE FUTURE OF THE COMPANY
IS.
>> CERTAINLY VALUATION IS A
SIGNIFICANT CONCERN IF YOU'RE A
CAUTIOUS INVESTOR.
IT'S GOT A HIGH MULTIPLE NOW.
BUT THERE'S TWO SORT OF BIG
OTHER QUESTIONS.
THE FIRST IS THE ONE WE JUST
MENTIONED WHICH IS GOVERNMENT
INFLUENCE AND REGULATORY CHANGE
BECAUSE IN CHINA IF THE
GOVERNMENT REGULATORS DECIDE
SOMETHING DIFFERENT AND YOU
DIDN'T EXPECT, YOUR WHOLE
BUSINESS CAN GO OUT THE WINDOW
OVERNIGHT.
I DON'T THINK THAT WILL HAPPEN
HERE.
THE OTHER IS THE GOVERNANCE OF
ALIBABA.
THE WAY IT'S STRUCTURED AS A
BUSINESS IS EXTREMELY COMPLEX
AND LENGTHY AND NOT VERY
TRANSPARENT.
SO INVESTORS DON'T HAVE THE
WINDOW INTO WHAT'S REALLY
HAPPENING INSIDE THE COMPANY
THAT THEY'D HAVE WITH A WESTERN
COMPANY.
IT'S NOT AUDIT IN THE SAME WAY.
WHAT PEOPLE BROUGHT TODAY IS NOT
EVEN THE ACTUAL ASSETS OF THE
COMPANY.
THEY BOUGHT SHARES IN A CAYMAN
ISLANDS-BASED HOLDING COMPANY
THAT GETS PROFITS FROM ALIBABA,
AND HAS AN IRONCLAD DEAL TO GET
THE PROFITS, AT LEAST THEY SAY
IT'S IRONCLAD, BUT IT'S NOT THE
ASSETS OF THE COMPANY.
IT'S NOT UNUSUAL FOR THE CHINESE
INTERNET TO HAVE THAT KIND OF A
DEAL BUT IT'S NOT THE WAY, YOU
KNOW, WESTERN INVESTORS
TYPICALLY INVEST.
>> Sreenivasan: DAVID
KIRKPATRICK, THANKS SO MUCH.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
>> Woodruff: NOW TO THE SECOND
IN OUR TWO-PART LOOK AT LAND
DISPUTES IN THE AMERICAN WEST.
LAST NIGHT JEFFREY BROWN LOOKED
AT A FIGHT BETWEEN LOCAL
RESIDENTS AND THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT OVER CLOSING DOWN A
CANYON, RICH IN ARCHAEOLOGICAL
TREASURES, TO MOTORIZED
VEHICLES.
TONIGHT, JEFF HAS THE STORY OF A
VERY DIFFERENT SPLIT OVER HOW TO
ENJOY AND EXPERIENCE THE NATURAL
BEAUTY.
>> Brown: STRETCH A HIGH-TECH
NYLON LINE SOME 400 FEET ABOVE A
CANYON NEAR MOAB, UTAH.
>> DO YOU WANT TO ATTENTION
BEFORE WE WALK?
>> IT'S TIGHT, ACTUALLY.
>> Brown: STRAP ON A HARNESS.
I LIKE FEELING THE LINE
BETWEEN MY TOES.
>> Brown: AND STEP OUT INTO
THE AIR.
>> WHOO!
>> Brown: IT'S CALLED
HIGH-LINING, DONE ON PUBLIC
LANDS, A PERFECTLY LEGAL
ACTIVITY THAT MOST OF US,
INCLUDING YOUR CORRESPONDENT,
WHO STAYED FAR BACK FROM CLIFF'S
EDGE, WOULD NEVER DREAM OF
UNDERTAKING.
>> I'M ALWAYS A LITTLE NERVOUS
NO MATTER HOW MANY I DO.
>> Brown: BUT THEY DO THIS
SORT OF THING SEVERAL TIMES A
WEEK.
>> YOU ARE FORCED TO NARROW YOUR
FOCUS AND I'M THINKING OF THE
ANCHOR ON THE OTHER SIDE AND HOW
BAD I WANT TO GET THERE AND HOW
LONG IT'S BEEN SINCE I TOOK MY
LAST STEP AND WHEN I WILL TAKE
MY NEXT STEP AND WHAT MY FOOT
FEELS LIKE ON THE LINE.
>> IT'S A RUSH OF OVERWHELMING
HAPPINESS BECAUSE YOU'VE DONE
SOMETHING YOU WERE TERRIFIED OF
AND YOU OVERCAME THAT FEAR AND
ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU'RE PROUD OF
YOURSELF.
YOU FEEL EMPOWERED LIKE YOU CAN
DO ANYTHING, REALLY.
>> Brown: IN HIGH LINING, SKY
WALKERS ARE TETHERED TO THE
LINE.
AS THIS VIDEO OF SCOTT ROGERS
SHOWS, THAT'S NOT THE CASE INOUT
SPORTS LIKE BASE JUMPING IN
WHICH JUMPERS LAUNCH THEMSELVES
OFF STATIONARY OBJECTS LIKE
CLIFFS AND PULL A PARACHUTE AT
KEY MOMENTS.
TIMING IS EVERYTHING, ROOM FOR
ERROR VERY SMALL.
ROGERS AND ASHBURN KNOW PEOPLE
WHO DIED WHEN THE WIND BLEW THEM
BACK INTO THE CLIFF OR THEIR
PARACHUTE WAS OPENED TOO LATE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T STOP THEM AND
CERTAINLY DOESN'T STOP THEM FROM
CAPTURING THEIR EXPLOITS ON
VIDEO AND POSTING THEM ONLINE.
>> I LOVE SPREADING THE JOY
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE WE KNOW THE
SECRET ABOUT LIFE, ABOUT WHEN
YOU DO THINGS THAT ARE SCARY AND
YOU OVERCOME YOUR FEARS, NOT
ONLY IS IT THE MOST FUN YOU WILL
EVER HAVE BUT IT'S SO EMPOWERING
IT CONTINUES THROUGH THE REST OF
YOUR LIFE.
>> IT'S TAKING SOMETHING PART OF
OUR LIFE AND SHOWING IT TO THE
WORLD AND SAYING, HEY, LOOK, YOU
CAN HAVE FUN DOING THESE THINGS
YOU DIDN'T EVEN REALIZE EXISTED.
>> Brown: THERE'S, OF COURSE,
ANOTHER WAY OF LOOKING AT AND
BEING A PART OF THIS
EXTRAORDINARY LANDSCAPE, ONE
THAT'S QUIETER, CALMER, AND SEES
THE BEAUTY, THE DRAMA, THE
EXEEMS IN THE LAND ITSELF.
THE RED ROCK WALLS, TOWERING
SPIRES, RIVERS, AND PLUNGING
CANYONS.
IN THIS WAY OF EXPERIENCING THE
WILDERNESS, THE LONG WALK, THE
LIGHT FOOTPRINT, MAN'S SMALL
PART IN THE UNIVERSE TAKE
PRECEDENCE.
>> THE QUESTION IS WHAT SORT OF
LAND PROTECTION AND WHAT SORT OF
ETHIC YOU WANT TO EVOLVE WITH
THE YOUNGER GENERATION.
PART OF WHAT THE STRUGGLE IS NOW
IS FOR QUIET USERS TO HAVE THE
SPACE THEY NEED.
>> COLORADO HISTORIAN AND NATURE
WRITER ANDREW GULLFORD SAYS
CULTURALIF IN HOW PEOPLE
VIEW THE OUTDOORS HAVE RAISED
IMPORTANT NEW QUESTIONS.
>> WE HAVE A LONG TRADITION OF
PUBLIC LAND USE IN THE AMERICAN
WEST.
THE NEW KINDS OF OUTDOOR
ACTIVITIES, THOUGH, THE EXTREME
SPORT ACTIVITIES, THERE'S NOT A
LOT OF NATURE INVOLVED.
SO TODAY'S GENERATION IS
TREATING OO DIRTY
GYM, AND THAT'S NOT WHAT IT WAS
THOUGHT ABOUT WITH THE 1954
WILDERNESS ACT AND OTHERS.
SO THOSE CONSERVATION LAWS WERE
ABOUT PRESERVING NATURE FOR
NATURE'S SAKE AND WE'VE GOT A
NEW GENERATION OF EXTREME SPORTS
ENTHUSIASTS WHO SIMPLY WANT TO
GO OUT, USE THE OUTDOORS,
PHOTOGRAPH THEMSELVES WITH, YOU
KNOW, SPECIAL LITTLE CAMERAS,
AND THEN HIT THE PUB BY DARK AND
TALK ABOUT THEIR EXPLOITS.
>> Brown: THERE HAS BEEN MUCH
TALK ABOUT THIS PARTICULAR
EXPLOIT, THE ROPE SWING AT
CORONA ARCH, AN ICONIC LANDMARK
OUTSIDOUTSIDE MOAB.
THE YOUTUBE VIDEO PUT OUT IN
2012 HAS MORE THAN 25 MILLION
VIEWS ONLINE.
IT ALSO GOT THE ATTENTION OF THE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF LAND
MANAGEMENT WHICH HAD RECENTLY
TAKEN OVER THE ARCH FROM THE
STATE OF UTAH A LAND SWAP,
AND WHICH ADMINISTERS SO MUCH OF
THIS STATE AND OTHER PARTS OF
THE WEST.
>> IT'S JUST CREATED OVER TIME.
>> Brown: MEGAN CRANDALL IS A
SPOKESWOMAN.
SO WE LEARNED ABOUT THIS ON
VIDEOS WE SEE.
HOW DO YOU LEARN ABOUT IT?
>> THE SAME WAY.
>> Brown: WHAT'S YOUR
REACTION?
>> HOLY COW.
I WAS BLOWN AWAY.
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
>> Brown: YOU HAVE TO FIGURE
OUT HOW TO MANAGE THIS.
>> RIGHT.
CERTAINLY WE HAVE A
RESPONSIBILITY TO MANAGE THE
USES.
BUT AS WE'VE SEEN WITH THESE
ACTIVITIES, IT WAS LIKE A FIRE
STORM, IT TOOK OFF AND GAINED IN
POPULARITY AND WE SAW RESEARCH
IN THAT SURGE.
>> Brown: THE SURGE OF VIEWS
CAUSED ONE DEATH AND ONE SERIOUS
INJURY BY ROPE SWINGERS WHO
MISJUDGED HOW LONG THE ROPES
NEEDED TO BE.
B.L.M. POLICY IS THAT PEOPLE USR
OWNRIESING, BUT THE AGENCY LOOKS
AT A VARIETY OF FACTORS
INCLUDING DAMAGE TO THE ROCKS
AND THE IMPACT ON THOSE WHO WANT
TO EXPERIENCE THE ARCH THE OLD
FASHIONED WAY.
AND WHILE THEY STUDY THESE
IMPACTS, FEDERAL OFFICIALS
PROPOSED A BAN ON ROPE
ACTIVITIES AT CORONA.
>> WE'RE PUTTING OUT FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT A SUGGESTION THAT WE
INSTITUTE A TEMPORARY TWO-YEAR
RESTRICTION ON ROPE ACTIVITIES
TO GIVE US THE TIME AND SPACE WE
NEED TO EVALUATE IF CONTINUING
TO ALLOW THE ACTIVITIES IS THE
MOST APPROPRIATE USE OF THE
AREA.
>> Brown: THE MOAB MONKEYS SAY
THEY LOVE THE LAND, TOO, AND ARE
HAPPY TO SHARE IT.
>> IT WAS A REALLY LONG FLIGHT.
>> Brown: BUT HALEY ASHBURN
SAYS THERE ARE PLENTY OF PUBLIC
PLACES FOR THOSE WHO COMPLAIN
ABOUT THE DISRUPTION OF EXTREME
SPORTS.
>> IF THEY WANT PEACH, THEY
SHOULD GO TO ARCHES OR ANY
NATIONAL PARK.
THEY'RE CALLED THE NO FUN
ALLOWED ZONES.
>> n: BARKS?
YES, NICE AND QUIET, NO BASE
JUMPING, NOBODY GOING TO BE
SCREAMING AND YELLING AND HAVING
A REALLY AMAZING TIME.
>> Brown: TH B.L.M.'S MAD MEGAN
CRANDALL SAYS IT WORKS BOTH
WAYS.
THERE'S ALSO PLENTY OF ROOM FOR
ROPE ACTIVITIES IF THE BAND IS
PLAYING IN CORONA ARCH.
>> THERE ARE STILL PLENTY OF
PLACES TO ENGAGE IN THESE
ACTIVITIES, BUT AT LEAST FOR US
WE WANT TO TAKE THE TIME TO
REALLY THINK ABOUT WHETHER IT'S
APPROPRIATE FOR THOSE TO
CONTINUE HERE.
>> Brown: THE B.L.M. IS TAKING
PUBLIC COMMENTS ON THE ISSUE THE
END OF THIS MONTH.
>> Woodruff: THIS WEEK CONGRESS
GAVE ITS SUPPORT TO ARMING
MODERATE SYRIAN REBELS, BUT
THERE SEEMED TO BE A DIVIDE
BETWEEN THE MILITARY AND WHITE
HOUSE OVER THE NEED FOR GROUND
TROOPS TO TAKE ON THE ISLAMIC
STATE GROUP.
WE ANALYZE THAT AND MORE WITH
BROOKS AND DIONNE.
THAT'S NEW YORK TIMES COLUMNIST
DAVID BROOKS AND WASHINGTON POST
COLUMNIST E.J. DIONNE
MARK SHIELDS IS AWAY.
WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
>> GOOD TO BE WITH YOU.
>> Woodruff: SO THE ISLAMIC
STATE GROUP.
THE PRESIDENT GOT THE SUPPORT,
DAVID, THAT HE WANTED FROM THE
HOUSE AND THE SENATE TO ARM
SYRIAN REBELS.
THE POLLS, THOUGH, ARE SHOWING
THE PUBLIC IS SAYING THEY DON'T
THINK THIS STRATEGY IS GOING TO
WORK, EVEN THOUGH THEY AGREE
WITH THE SPECIFICS.
AS WE JUST SAID, THE GENERALS
ARE SAYING, HEY, WE ARE GOING TO
NEED GROUND TROOPS, DESPITE WHAT
THE PRESIDENT SAID.
HOW DOES ALL THIS LIMIT HIM?
HOW MUCH DOES IT COMPLICATE WHAT
THE U.S. IS TRYING TO DO?
>> THE FIRST THING IS I WAS
IMPRESSED BY HOW BIG THE
MAJORITIES WERE.
SEEMS LIKE WHEN YOU LOOK AT
POLITICS, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
SHIFTED DRAMATICALLY ON PUBLIC
POLICY AND THE TEA PARTY, TOO.
THERE WERE PEOPLE ON EITHER END
AGAINST US, BUT AT LEAST IN THIS
ONE ISSUE, PREVENTING THE
CALIPHATE FROM EXISTING IN IRAQ
AND SYRIA, PRETTY SOLID
MAJORITIES.
WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW, WE'RE
TEK
PHASE.
IT'S PRETTY CLEAR THE IDEA OF
JUST USING AIR WAR FAIR IS NOT
GOING TO GET I.S.I.S. OUT OF THE
CITIES AND THE GENERALS ARE
BEGINNING TO THINK THAT THROUGH,
PROBABLY WILL NEED SOME SPECIAL
FORCES ON THE GROUND, NOT A BIG
INVASION.
IT'S MUCH LESS MULTI-LATERAL
THAN GEORGE W. BUSH'S INVASION
OF IRAQ A DECADE AGO OR
WHATEVER.
WHAT WE HAVE IS A BIG GAP
BETWEEN WHAT WE HAVE SO FAR
COMMITTED AND WHAT WE'VE
REQUIRED TO ACCOMPLISH THE
MISSION AND THE COMING DEBATE IS
HOW MUCH WE INCREASE THAT
COMMITMENT.
>> SO THE STRATEGY IS ONLY A
COUPLE WEEKS OLD AND ALREADY IS
IT FALLING APART?
>> IT HASN'T BEEN TESTED YET.
I M INK THAT THE VOTE
WAS -- IF YOU LIKE
BIPARTISANSHIP, YOU WILL LOVE
THE VOTE, BECAUSE NOT ONLY WAS
SUPPORT BIPARTISAN BUT THE
OPPOSITION IS BIPART R PARTISAN,
WHEN YOU HAVE TED CRUZ AND
ELIZABETH WARREN ON THE SAME
SIDE, THE NO SIDE --
>> Woodruff: DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT, TRUE, BUT RAND
PAUL IS SORT OF UNEASY ABOUT THE
INTERVENTION AND I THINK YOU HAD
AN INTERESTING MOMENT WITH THE
GENERALS WHERE THEY WERE ARGUING
WE NEED MORE TROOPS, AND THE
PRESIDENT REALLY WENT OUT OF HIS
WAY TO ASSERT KIND OF CIVILIAN
CONTROL, AND TO SAY, YOU KNOW,
THEY CAN SAY WHAT THEY WANT, BUT
I AM COMMITTED NOT TO PUTTING
AMERICAN GROUND TROOPS, COMBAT
TROOPS IN.
AND SO, I THINK THE TEST HERE --
I DON'T THINK THE LIMITS ON THE
PRESIDENT ARE I POLITICAL, I DOT
THINK THE LIMITS ON THE
PRESIDENT ARE FROM HIS OWN
MILITARY.
THE LIMITS ARE WILL THIS
STRATEGY WORK?
I THINK AMERICANS BASICALLY
DON'T WANT TO COMMIT GROUND
TROOPS AND, YET, THESE POLLS
SUGGEST THEY WORRY THAT ANYTHING
WE TOUCH IN IRAQ WILL NOT WORK
THE WAY WE INTENDED, AND THERE'S
SOME REASON FOR THEM TO FEEL
THAT WAY.
>> THERE ARE TWO STRATEGIES HERE
FROM THE PRESIDENT.
THE FIRST IS WE WILL DEGRADE
I.S.I.S.
THE SECOND IS WE WILL NOT COMMIT
GROUND TROOPS.
THOSE TWO THINGS MAY NOT BE
TRUE.
WHICH ONE WILL HE CHOOSE?
IS HE GOING TO LEAVE OFFICE OR
IS THE ISLAMIC STATE AS POWERFUL
AS IT IS NOW?
IT'S NOT A BIG INVASION OF THE
SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES.
USED TO SAY, PLANNING IS
EVERYTHING BUT PLANS ARE
NOTHING.
WHICH MEANS YOU GO IN WITH A
STRATEGY BUT YOU HAVE TO ADJUST.
I SUSPECT THERE WILL BE A LOT OF
ADJUSTMENT IN WAYS WE CAN'T
FORESEE NOW.
>> I THINK A LOT DEPENDS ON HOW
QUICKLY DO WE EXPECT TO GET THIS
DONE, AND ALL THE TESTS RUN
INCLUDING FROM THE MILITARY
SUGGESTS THIS IS A VERY
LONG-TERM OPERATION, AND THE
HOPE IS THAT NOT ONLY CAN YOU
GET THE IRAQI MILITARY BACK INTO
A POSITION WHERE THEY CAN FIGHT
AGAIN, BUT THEY'RE GOING TO TRY
TO BUILD, TO CREATE THESE
SEMINATIONAL GUARD UNITS.
THAT WILL TAKE TIME AND IT'S A
LOT TO HANG ON NEW NATIONAL
GUARD UNITS.
BUT I THINK THERE'S NOT A LOT OF
TREASURE TO GET THIS DONE
TOMORROW MORNING, WHICH IS WHY I
THINK HE CAN HOLD HIS GROUND FOR
A WHILE ON THE COMBAT TROOPS.
>> Woodruff: IS IT WISE TO
RULE OUT GROUND TROOPS, THOUGH,
BEFORE THIS EVEN BEGINS?
>> I DON'T THINK SO.
I THINK YOU HAVE A STRATEGY AND
THEN THE MEANS TO GET THERE.
WHETHER YOU HAVE GROUND TROOPS
OR NOT IS THE MEANS.
THE STRATEGY IS TO DEGRADE
I.S.I.S.
SO YOU SHOULD LEAVE ALL YOUR
MEANS ON THE TABLE.
DOESN'T MEAN YOU WANT TO DO IT,
BUT SENDING SPECIAL OPERATIONS
FORCES TO LOCATE TERRORISTS AND
THINGS LIKE THAT, THAT MAY BE
NECESSARY.
IF YOU ARE COMMITTED TO THE
MISSION, THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE
MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY ABOUT HAVING
IT THERE.
>> A STATEMENT TO OUR ALLIES,
PARTICULARLY THE MIDDLE EAST,
SAYING WE CAN'T DO ALL THIS
OURSELVES.
WE HAVE NO INTENTION OF DOING
WHAT WE DID LAST TIME, SO YOU
HAVE TO STEP UP, TOO, SO THERE
MUST BE SOMETHING STRATEGIC
ABOUT IT AS WELL.
>> Woodruff: CHANGE THE
SUBJECT TO SOMEONE WHO SAW
HERSELF HAVING HICCUPS AND
PROBLEMS A FEW YEARS AGO WHEN
SHE RAN FOR PRESIDENT OVER HER
IRAQ POSITION.
HILLARY CLINTON IN IOWA THIS
WEEKEND, TELLING A BIG GROUT AT
THE TOM HARKIN FINAL STEAK FRY
THAT, YES, SHE'S THINKING ABOUT
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT AGAIN.
DO WE LEARN SOMETHING FROM THIS?
DO WE LEARN SHE'S FARTHER DOWN
THE ROAD?
DO WE LEARN ANYTHING ABOUT
WHETHER PEOPLE WANT HER TO RUN?
>> PEOPLE DO WANT HER TO RUN.
SHE'S A FAVORITE.
WHAT WE HAVEN'T LEARNED IS WHAT
THE MESSAGE IS.
WHAT SHE'S WITHIN SAYING SO FAR
IS A MESSAGE OF ECONOMIC
SECURITY, BASICALLY A STANDARD
DEMOCRATIC MESSAGE.
IT'S NOT PARTICULARLY NEW BUT
MAY BE EFFECTIVE.
IF I'M LOOKING AT HILLARY
CLINTON, I DO THINK THERE'S
GOING TO BE OPPOSITION ON THE
LEFT IN UNIVERSITY TOWNS, IN THE
MORE PROGRESSIVE SIDE, THERE'S
CLEARLY A DESIRE FOR SOMETHING
ON THE LEFT, AND THERE'S THE
PROBLEM OF AGE AND THE FACT THAT
SHE SEEMS TO BE FROM THE
1990s.
SO, TO ME, THE IMPULSE IS TO BE
COND COAST TO THE
NOMINATION, THAT THE IMPERATIVE
IS TO BE NEW AND SAY WE'RE NOT
JUST GOING BACK TO THE CLINTON
CAREERS, I'VE GOT A NEW THEME, A
NEW AGENDA, A NEW ARGUMENT.
I THINK THE DESIRE TO TAKE RISKS
IS ONE OF THE WAY TO LOOK AT THE
CLINTON CAMPAIGN, IS IT REALLY A
RISK-TAKING NEW THING.
>> Woodruff: HOW DO YOU SEE
THAT?
>> THE FACT SHE'S BACK IN IOWA
IS A PRETTY SURE INDICATION
SHE'S RUNNING BECAUSE AFTER
THOSE CAUCUSES, SHE NEVER WANTED
TO GO BACK THERE.
SHE NOTED SHE HASN'T BEEN THERE
SINCE 2008.
AND I THINK SHE IS TRYING TO
FIND FOR THIS -- FOR 2016 VERY
SIMILAR GROUND TO WHAT BILL
CLINTON FOUND IN 1992, BUT IT
DOESN'T MEAN IT'S EXACTLY THE
SAME GROUND.
CLINTON, BILL CLINTON WAS VERY
GOOD AT, ON THE ONE HAND, BEING
A NEW DEMOCRAT, HAVING NEW
IDEAS, BUT HE STILL IN MANY WAYS
WAS AN OLD-FASHIONED DEMOCRAT
TALKING ABOUT INEQUALITY,
TAXING, AND PUT THAT TOGETHER.
DOING THAT IN 2016 PROBABLY
REQUIRES HILLARY CLINTON TO BE A
LITTLE TOUGHER ON THE LEFT SIDE.
SHE HAS TO BE TOUGHER ON
INEQUALITY, WHICH SHE WAS, AND
SHE SPOKE VERY STRONGLY ABOUT
THAT.
SHE'S TALKING A LOT ABOUT WOMEN,
PARTICULARLY WORKING CLASS
AND WHAT THEY'RE GOING THROUGH,
AND I THINK SHE IS TRYING TO
CREATE THE SAME THING BUT, ALL
THESE YEARS LATER, IT HAS TO BE
A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT TACK.
>> Woodruff: IS SHE SAYING
ENOUGH AT THIS POINT, DAVID?
IS THIS SORT OF TEASING WITH A
COMMENT EVERY FEW WEEKS SOAR, IS
THAT WHERE SHE OUGHT TO BE AT
THIS POINT IN SEPTEMBER OF 2014?
>> YEAH.
WAIT TILL THE MID-TERM AND THEN
YOU CAN GET SERIOUS.
I THINK IT WOULD BE PREMATURE,
IMMATURE, OVERMATURE --
(LAUGHTER)
>> Woodruff: WE WERE FOLLOWING
HER.
WE HAD A CAMERA CREW AND
FOLLOWED HER IN IOWA THIS
WEEKEND.
WE WERE THERE ALSO TO COVER THE
SENATE RACE, A CLOSE RACE
BETWEEN THE DEMOCRAT AND THE
REPUBLICAN.
A FEW THINGS HAVE HAPPENED ON
THE SENATE LANDSCAPE THIS WEEK.
THERE'S THAT RACE THAT'S GOTTEN
A LITTLE BIT TIGHTER JUST IN THE
LAST FEW DAYS.
KANSAS, THE RACE THAT WE THOUGHT
SENATOR PAT ROBERTSON HAD IT IN
A WALK.
THE BALLOT CHANGED, THE
DEMOCRAT'S OUT, RUINING AGAINST
AN INCUMBENT.
HOW DO YOU SEE THE SENATE
LANDSCAPE AND WHAT DOES IT FEEL
LIKE?
>> THIS MAY PROVE I'M A
SELF-HATING PUNDIT BUT I LOVE
THE FACT THE PUNDITS CAN'T
FIGURE IT OUT.
YOU HAVE THE COMPLICATED
MATHEMATICAL MODELS THAT SAY 5
#-49 THE REPUBLICANS WILL TAKE
OVER.
THAT'S A VERY SOPHISTICATED WAY
OF SAYING WHO KNOWS?
I THINK WHAT GOVERNS THIS
ELECTION OVERALL IS REPUBLICANS
HOPING AND BELIEVING PRESIDENT
OBAMA'S UNPOPULARITY IS ENOUGH
TO CARRY THEM THROUGH, AND THE
PRESIDENT IS DOWN, BUT THE
REPUBLICANS AREN'T REALLY
OFFERING VERY MUCH, AND A LOT OF
THESE DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING, WAIT
A MINUTE, WHAT WOULD YOU CUT?
WHAT KINDS OF -- DO YOU HAVE
ANYTHING FOR WORKING PEOPLE WHO
ARE -- WHO HAVE BEEN HAMMERED BY
THIS ECONOMY?
SO I THINK YOU HAVE AN
ELECTORATE WHO HANDS FIGURED OUT
WHAT THIS CAMPAIGN IS ABOUT
BECAUSE I DON'T THINK THE
POLITICIANS HAVE FIGURED WHAT
IT'S ABOUT.
I THINK KANSAS IS A STATE THAT'S
GOING TO BE PERHAPS THE MOST
INTERESTING STATE IN THE COUNTRY
BECAUSE YOU NOT ONLY HAVE AN
INDEPENDENT RUNNING AGAINST A
REPUBLICAN ANDISH SO, YOU HAVE A
CHANCE OF A REPUBLICAN LOSING
FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE THE NEW
DEAL, BUT YOU ALSO HAVE AN
AMAZING RACE, GOVERNOR BROWNBACK
WHERE THE BUDGETS IS IN A MESS,
PEOPLE WORRIED ABOUT CUTS IN
EDUCATION, THE DEMOCRATS COULD
WIN THAT, JOE SCARBOROUGH,
FORMER CONGRESSMAN, MADE A POINT
THAT IN 1978 PROP 13 MADE TAX
CUTTING THE CENTRAL REPUBLICAN
ISSUE.
THIS MIGHT BE THE FIRST ELECTION
THE REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR LOSES
BECAUSE HE CUT TAXES TOO MUCH.
AN AMAZING THING GOING ON.
>> Woodruff: DO YOU SEE THINGS
STILL UNSETTLED IN
MID-SEPTEMBER?
>> WE KNOW WHERE THEY ARE NOW
BUT DON'T KNOW WHERE THEY WILL
BE IN SIX WEEKS, BUT I THINK
THIS PUNDIT HAS IT FIGURED OUT.
WE SEE, CLEARLY, A NATIONAL
TIDE.
YOU LOOK AT THE "NEW YORK TIMES"
POLL THAT CAME OUT, OBAMA IS
DOWN, HUGE NATIONAL TIDE.
SO   FIT BECOMES A NATIONAL
ELECTION WHICH THE REPUBLICANS
ARE TRYING TO MAKE IT, THEY WILL
DO WELL.
AGAINST THAT, YOU SEE INDIVIDUAL
STATES, SOME SHIFT IN THE
DEMOCRATIC DIRECTION,
NORTH CAROLINA, PARTICULARLY, A
SHIFT THERE, THE SITUATION IN
KANSAS, A FEW OTHER PLACES.
TO ME, THE BOTTOM LINE -- AND
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO MAKE
IT A BUNCH OF LOCAL RACES.
WHEN YOU HAVE ONE PARTY TRYING
TO DO NATIONAL, ONE LOCAL,
USUALLY THE NATIONAL TENDS TO DO
BETTER, SO I DO STILL THINK THE
REPUBLICANS ARE LIKELY TO TAKE
IT OVER, BUT, YOU KNOW, THAT
COULD ALL SHIFT.
>> THE PREMATURE PUNDITRY!
(LAUGHTER)
>> Woodruff: BUT YOU THINK
THINGS ARE STILL --
>> I THINK ONE OF THE STRIKING
THINGS IN THE PUNDITRY IS PEOPLE
WERE ASSAYING THIS IS HEAVY ON
THE REPUBLICANS.
YOU SEE IT PULLING BACK.
IOWA IS THE CASE WHERE THE RACE
HAS PROBABLY MOVED A LITTLE
DEMOCRATIC.
A BUNCH OF STATES WHERE THAT
HAPPENED.
>> GEORGIA, TOO.
THE POINT I WOULD MAKE IS THERE
ARE SOME STATES THE REPUBLICANS
CAN PICK UP.
THE DEMOCRATS ARE DEFENDING ON
SO MANY FRONTS.
>> THEY STARTED WITH THREE, NEED
THREE MORE.
>> Woodruff: THE TWO OF YOU
ARE TERRIFIC AND GLAD YOU'RE
HERE.
E.J. DIONNE, DAVID BROOKS, THANK
YOU.
>> Woodruff: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
SECRETARY OF STATE KERRY SAID
THERE IS A ROLE FOR IRAN IN A
COALITION AGAINST ISLAMIC STATE
MILITANTS.
BUT IRAN'S FOREIGN MINISTER TOLD
THE NEWSHOUR THAT TEHRAN DOES
NOT BELIEVE THE U.S. IS SERIOUS
ABOUT THE EFFORT.
SHARES IN THE CHINESE E-COMMERCE
GIANT ALIBABA BEGAN TRADING ON
WALL STREET, IN THE BIGGEST
INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING EVER.
ON THE NEWSHOUR ONLINE RIGHT
NOW, WE TURN TO OUR STUDENT
REPORTING LABS NETWORK TO
EXAMINE HOW TEENS ARE REACTING
TO THE RECENT TREND OF DOMESTIC
VIOLENCE CASES AGAINST HIGH
PROFILE N.F.L. ATHLETES.
STUDENTS FROM ACROSS THE COUNTRY
WEIGHED IN WHEN WE ASKED: SHOULD
PROFESSIONAL ATHLETES BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR MODELING GOOD
BEHAVIOR?
>> MY REACTION TO THE ADRIAN
PETERSON SIT DOESN'T SURPRISE ME
BECAUSE PROFESSIONAL ATHLETES
MESS UP ALL THE TIME AND MAJOR
ATHLETES LIKE THESE WILL MESS UP
SOMETIMES.
>> IN MY OPINION, PROFESSIONAL
ATHLETES DO HAVE AN OBLIGATION
TO BE ROLE MODELS BECAUSE, NO
MATTER WHAT, SOMEONE IS GOING TO
BE LOOKING UP TO THEM AND
WHATEVER THE ATHLETE DOES, THEIR
FANS WILL THINK IT'S OKAY,
WHETHER ILLEGAL OR GOOD.
>> HE'S NOT A SUPERHERO,
SOMEBODY WHO'S GOING TO BE
SAVING THE WORLD.
THEY'RE ALL GREAT PLAYERS.
THEY'RE FOOTBALL PLAYERS.
THEY'RE NOT TRYING TO BE
ANYBODY'S ROLE MODEL.
I THINK THE PARENTS HAVE TO BE
THEIR CHILDREN'S ROLE MODEL SO
THEY CAN TEACH THEIR KIDS TO BE
THE BEST THEY CAN BE.
>> Woodruff: ALL THAT AND MORE
FROM THE STUDENT REPORTING LABS
ON OUR WEB SITE,
pbs.org/NewsHour.
TO
TOMORROW'S EDITION OF PBS
NEWSHOUR WEEKEND LOOKS AT THE
HIGH PROFITS ROLLING INTO
COLORADO'S MARIJUANA BUSINESSES.
NINE MONTHS AFTER RECREATIONAL
USE WAS LEGALIZED.
AND WE'LL BE BACK, RIGHT HERE,
ON MONDAY, WHEN WE HEAD TO
FLORIDA, FOR A LOOK AT THE MOST
EXPENSIVE RACE FOR GOVERNOR IN
THE COUNTRY.
THAT'S THE NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND.
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.